Meters
------

The ``Meters`` link on the sidebar loads a list that contains all
registered meters with some additional details such as its serial
number, assigned tariff, etc.. The search area on the page searches in
``serial_number`` and ``tariff name``.

By clicking on a meter in the list, a new ``meter detail`` page will be
loaded. This page, contains ``basic information``, ``meter details``,
and ``meter transactions``. If the meter can send its usage data it also
shows it in an additional ``meter reading`` section. The
``Basic Information`` section contains the total revenue that the meter
made, the owner, when the last payment occurs, and the registration
date. ``Meter Details`` are meter specified details such as the
manufacturer name, the serial number, assigned tariff, and its
connection type. ``Meter transactions`` is a basic list that contains
all transactions that hit the meter.

## Targets By clicking on ``Targets`` in the sidebar will load a page
with already set targets. The list shows only the key fields of each
target. To see the details of a target, click on the ``Expand`` button.

To add a **new Target** just click on the ``New Target`` on the right
top side. After clicking on that button, a new page will be loaded.
Firstly the manager/admin should assign a Cluster or a Mini-Grid (The
difference is already explained
`here <#Information-before-using-MPManager>`__). Then, the date until
that target is valid should be selected.

When these two steps are done; Its time to define our target with some
fields like ``New connections``, ``Revenue per Month``,... None of these
fields are marked as required. That means the manager/admin is free to
enter or not to enter a value for each goal.
